since October the 7th Israel's
government has accelerated the approval
of several illegal settlement projects
in occupied East Jerusalem the first
approvals in more than a decade the
housing Ministry published plans for the
construction of thousands of housing
units in the Palestinian neighborhoods
of betaa and sured in the southern part
of the city what Israel is trying to do
with this neighborhood is to prevent is
like to build
on what we are seeing as the last empty
land that this Village is having like
think about a neighborhood like and
others eventually they are trapped and
they don't have any places to expand in
the same times we must to remember
Israel is not advancing Palestinians in
this Jerusalem it's a bureaucratic
process that could sometimes take up to
10 years for approval but multiple
Ministries in the right-wing government
have given the go-ahead during the war
on Gaza activists say the time between
the settlement's date of authorization
and the Public Announcement was
relatively short something rights groups
are calling
unprecedented two of the illegal
settlement projects Advanced by the
Israeli government will be right here in
the Palestinian town of beta Fafa but
Israeli human rights organizations say
that building on these lands will harm
potential territorial continuity between
beem and occupied East Jerusalem making
the realization of a two-state solution
nearly
impossible Palestinians here believe the
land grabs are just one of many attempts
to push them out they want to expel us
they want to uproot every single
Palestinian from the land of Palestine
they want us to go out to leave the area
to have no space for us to
strangle to put it High a road around
our necks our necks and then to oblige
the young people to find another place
where to live despite International
criticism Israel's government continues
to implement policies that violate
international law and further
deteriorate the livelihoods of
Palestinians Hamas salut Al jaaz
occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer